# Dialog Journal


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

Jeremy Howard introduced a course in dialog engineering (“How to solveit
with code”) in 2024 that he has now co-taught with “Johno” Whitaker
twice. Having recently taken the second run, I’ve been taken with the
methodology of a mixed-initiative, interative conversation between me
and an LLM in a notebook-like environment. My early background in
computational linguistics was focused dialogue processing… so I’m quite
excited about potential intersections here!

(Yes, ‘dialog’ and ‘dialogue’ mean exactly the same thing… I’m rendering
the two differently so I can keep these two contexts a bit separate in
my brain for now.)

This is the link to the [solveit](https://solve.it.com) site.

## Journal Organization

This journal is organized into two sorts of entries. Solveit dialogues
are found in the **dialogs section**, while dated **entries** contain
more topical, reflective posts. I’ll set up separate pages for accessing
tagged content. For example, there are all sorts of interesting shared
notebook and I’d like a way to keep track of those I wish to explore
further.

Even though solveit dialogs are fairly spontaneous, they are guided by
the human’s goal and are most successful with thoughful curation of
context about what to communicate to the LLM at every step. While
solveit dialogs are notebook-like and convert directly to jupyter
notebooks, there are functions and conventions between the two platforms
that differ that are not transparent in dialogs themselves.

Solveit dialogs are a work in progress and I look forward to seeing (and
participating) in this evolving concept.
